Update README.md (#9)
PrestaShopCorp/prestashop_accounts_auth: README.md

### [librairie composer](http://github.com/PrestaShopCorp/prestashop_accounts_auth)

* Wrappe all the call to ps_accounts
* Contains all the firebase's logic
* Wraps all the calls to ps_accounts
* Contains all the Firebase logic

## Installation

```bash

> composer require prestashop/prestashop-accounts-auth

Reviewer: tu peux pas changer ca ici c'est une ligne de commande ^^

Author: Ah pardon haha !

## Usage

In your PrestaShop X or Community Service module:

> - In the PrestaShop X/Community Service module's main controller, get onboarding presenter and go to the view used by the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- In the module's controllers and/or main class, get onboarding presenter and go to the view used by the
```
